gravity rules all mountain sports and
sometimes you have to fight its pole to
stay in control other times you have to
run against it just to move it depends
on whether you're headed up there or
down l it was all downhill at the UCI
mountain bike world cup at Windham last
summer the best mountain bikers in the
world were there to challenge the course
and the clock american aaron gwin was
the winner of this 5th contest in the
series in the middle of a dominating
season that saw him finish with the
number one ranking in the world veteran
rachel atherton to comb the woman's
honors and it's always a treat to watch
the best in the world do their thing
48 points
No
you